---
layout: default_sparse
title: Meeting Sponsorship
permalink: /information/meeting-sponsorship
---

## Meeting Sponsorship

The BMVA is a non-profit organisation whose goal is to promote research in the
fields of Machine and Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Pattern Recognition and Artificial
Intelligence in the UK. To achieve its goals, the BMVA organises
[BMVC, its annual conference]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link bmvc.md %}), [MIUA]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link miua.md %}) and
[technical meetings]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link meetings.md %}).

The BMVA also may be prepared to sponsor conferences organised by others, as
long as they are within the scope of the BMVA. Sponsorship entitles organisers
to use the BMVA name and logo on all official announcements and documents. The
BMVA's name should be clearly mentioned in the proceedings of the event. The
BMVA will also promote meetings that it sponsors in its newsletter and
electronically.

The decision as to whether to sponsor a meeting lies with the Executive
Committee of the BMVA.

There are three types of sponsored meetings involving BMVA:

+ __Category A meetings__.  These are organised by a recognised collaborative
  organisation (_e.g._, IET professional group E4, Remote Sensing Society and
  Applied Vision Association). BMVA members are expected to have the same
  benefits of reduced rate etc, as the members of the collaborating
  organisation.

+ __Category B meetings__.  For any meeting co-sponsored by BMVA and organised
  by some other non-collaborating organisation (_e.g._, an organisation not
  mentioned above), a flat fee is payable to the BMVA according to the
  following scales:
  - &pound;100 if attended by 50 or more participants;
  - &pound;50 if attended by fewer than 50 participants. This amount
    includes one paper mail-shot of a single A4 advertising leaflet, an
    electronic mail-shot, a link from the BMVA web page, and permission to
    use the BMVA logo.
<br/><br/>
- __Category C meetings__.  For any meeting underwritten financially by the
  BMVA, a share of any profits generated by the meeting is payable to the
  BMVA. This share is in proportion to the share of the potential losses that
  the BMVA has agreed to underwrite. A signed contract between the different
  co-sponsors is required before the pre-registration deadline concerning the
  sharing of any deficit.


### How to obtain sponsorship

+ __Category B meetings__. Requests should be submitted to the
  [BMVA Chair](mailto:chair@bmva.org) containing the following
  information:
    + Subject and title of meeting
    + Date and location
    + Expected number of participants
    + Tentative programme
    + Clarification whether or not the meeting will have published proceedings
    + Names of the organising societies and the scientific committee members
      The BMVA Chairman will bring the matter up at the following Executive
      Committee meeting for a decision. If necessary, the issue may be
      discussed by email for a speedy response.
<br/><br/>
- __Category C meetings__.  Requests should be submitted to the
    [BMVA Chair](mailto:chair@bmva.org) containing the following
    information:
    + Subject and title of meeting
    + Date and location
    + Tentative program
    + Clarification as to whether there will be published proceedings
    + Names of the scientific committee members
    + Budget details
    + Budgets of the previous 2 years if the meetings has been running for
      that long on an annual basis The BMVA Chairman will bring the matter up
      at the following Executive Committee meeting for a decision. If
      necessary, the issue may be discussed by email for a speedy response.
